thanks for having me here guys
and i'd echo what everyone else has said
um it's awesome to see so many folks who
were building with
and the 2020 journey for us was really
about building towards unified web 3
identity and data which wouldn't be
possible with so many other projects
here
so i'll try and keep this pretty quick
and some high level
um some of the most important things we
have this year
so january feels like ages ago i'm sure
to everyone
um but that was when we really finished
out our first suite of products
so complete ipfs-based user and data
management suite for developers to build
with profiles and messaging and storage
especially in the ethereum ecosystem to
making it really easy to use
decentralized identity and data
and so that's kind of wrapped up what we
always envisioned as the first set of
products that we were building at three
buffs
um we're excited to see a bunch of
growth especially in the theorem
ecosystem right after that
as soon as we had especially private
messaging which was the last thing that
we shipped in january
growth started taking off we hit 15 000
end users
uh and then uh we always um
wanted to pull out some of the core
identity functionality that was tying
ethereum keys to identities into
ipfs-based databases
and starting about this time last year
we had been working on how to do that
and
in may we released the spec for ceramic
protocol which i think a lot of you are
familiar with
and this was laying out how we
envisioned using a bunch of the tech
built by protocol labs and others to put
the key links between
keys and identities and data in the
public domain so it was truly
decentralized to
truly interoperable completely cross
network and really easy to leverage
across the web 3 stack
while we were doing that three bucks
continued to grow um faster than we
expected at times
in july we hit 1000 apps that were built
on three bucks that has continued to
take off since then
but it's been really incredible to see
the way the different projects like
metamask and
theory on the graph and a whole bunch of
others have built using these tools in a
whole bunch of different ways from
backup and sync across devices and
end users without having to rely on a
server to interoperable profiles
and a bunch of other things it's just
been awesome to see how people put this
to you some ways we didn't really
envision
uh flash forward to september and we
released what we view as
kind of the next iteration on
decentralized identity
across the ecosystem identity index
which is a cross-network
decentralized identity standard again
built on ceramic network that lets
any key from any blockchain be mapped to
any user identity and pointed to any
resource
including textile bb's orbit dbs posted
anywhere
and we've released a alpha library
called idx that people started building
on today
to make this happen
in november we collaborated with
protocol labs and textile
and the engineering foundation and
others um on
the daggers a standard for signed and
encrypted data
on ipfs making it really easy this has
been a pain point for us and a whole
bunch of others for quite a while
so this makes it really easy to use
encrypted data on ipfs
from from any wallet especially in the
ethereum ecosystem with eip-2844
really paving the way for ipfs to be a
standard for
for private data in web3
and then just to share a little preview
of what's coming
later this month we're going to be
releasing clay the ceramic test net
ahead of a main net launch early next
year so we'll keep this community very
in the loop on that but we're very
excited to get more and more folks
building
on ceramic test net soon
and definitely reach out a whole bunch
of links here come drop by our discord
chat.ceramic.network
we're in there all the time building
everything in the open we'd love to hear
from you guys and build with you
you